c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\obj\Debug\AtlasQA.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\obj\Debug\AtlasQA.frmMenu.resources
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\obj\Debug\AtlasQA.Resources.resources
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\obj\Debug\AtlasQA.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\obj\Debug\AtlasQA.xml
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\AtlasQA.dll
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\AtlasQA.pdb
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\AtlasQA.xml
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Carto.dll
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Display.dll
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Editor.dll
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Geodatabase.dll
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Geometry.dll
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Carto.xml
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Display.xml
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Editor.xml
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Geodatabase.xml
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\ESRI.ArcGIS.Geometry.xml
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\obj\Debug\AtlasQA.dll
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\obj\Debug\AtlasQA.pdb
c:\users\carlos.cano\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtlasQA\AtlasQA\bin\Debug\AtlasQA.esriAddIn
